Updates docs for smart contracts (#8)
aragon/builders-portal: docs/smart-contracts/utils/TransparentProxy.md

## Aragon Core

###  contract `TransparentProxy`

#### public function `constructor`

The constructor initializing the [ERC-1967](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1967) proxy and setting the `IDAO` address if specified.

```solidity
constructor(address _dao, address _logic, address _admin, bytes _data) public 
```

| Input | Type | Description |
|:----- | ---- | ----------- |
| _dao | address | The DAO address to be stored. |

> | _logic | address | The address of the logic contract containing the proxy is pointing to. @ param _data The data being passed in a delegatecall to `_logic` to initialize the storage (see [OZs `ERC1967Proxy.sol` docs](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/proxy/ERC1967/ERC1967Proxy.sol)) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _logic | address | The address of the logic contract, which contains the proxy the contract points to. @ param _data The data being passed in a delegatecall to `_logic` to initialize the storage (see [OZs `ERC1967Proxy.sol` docs](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/proxy/ERC1967/ERC1967Proxy.sol)) |
```

| _admin | address | The admin address to be stored. |

> | _data | bytes |  |

Reviewer: Missing description
